[bitnami/etcd] Update etcd version (#9820)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/etcd/README.md

## Upgrading

### To 8.0.0

> This version changes the default `etcd` branch to `3.5.3+` to evoid the data corruption issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version reverts the change in the previous major bump ([7.0.0](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/master/bitnami/etcd#to-700)). Now the default `etcd` branch is `3.5` again once confirmed by the [etcd developers](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/tree/main/CHANGELOG#production-recommendation) that this version is production-ready once solved the data corruption issue.
```
